When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all you work local?
      We would like to use a remote reposirory rather than keeping our work local when we are working on some project which require
      contribution from multiple people and multiple people want to accsess and change files.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	We might want to pull the changes manually so that we are always aware that a new commit has been created by someone, so when
	we pull changes manually we are mentally aware that some changes has been made into the project and we can check those changes 
	out, if the changes were pull automatically we always have to aware of any changes manually and it will be trouble for us we
	see a file which we have not created because we were not mentally aware that when the file was pulled into our system.

Describe the differnces between forks,clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Branches are labels which we give to our commit. It is mostly used when adding a new feature or doing something experimental,
	without disturbing the current version.

	Clones are used for copying the whole repository from github to our local machine.

	forks are use for copying repository from someone else github account to our github account.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the local known state of the remote stored locally?

	The benefit og having a local known copy of state of the remote is that we can see what changes have been made into the github account
	since the last time we pushed/pulled and it also allow us to handle conflict while collabrating.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier and what would be harder?

	Git and GitHub both allow us to work freely because we don't have to worry when making any changes becuase we can always revert back
	and GitHub allow us to work with multiple people.
